hi today we're serving up Malaysian
comfort food at its best laksa a
delicious curried noodle soup for this
and many more great recipes visit
recipes are simple calm enjoy and thanks
for watching
clean and devein the prawns reserve the
shell cut the chicken breast into
bite-sized pieces now we'll prepare the
fragrant oil heat the oil in a small
saucepan add the reserved
prawn shells fry for 1 to 2 minutes till
the shells are red and emit the
loveliest aroma
you
the
strain this oil through a metal strainer
and discard the shells reserve this
fragrant oil we will fry our laksa paste
in this bring another pot of water to
boil add the rice noodles first boil two
to four minutes till tender and remove
the noodles with us slotted spoon or
strainer
top up the pot of boiling water with
water as required add the egg noodles to
the boiling water next for two to four
minutes again till tender and remove
next add the prawns and poach for two to
three minutes till the prawns are just
tender and cooked remove the prawns and
add the chicken if using and cook till
till the chicken is cooked through and
tender
set aside the cooked noodles
as well as the chicken and prawns now we
prepare the spice paste for the laksa
for details on how to make the homemade
paste as well as the shortcut method
please visit the page in the description
heat the fragrant oil that we prepared
earlier in a wide nonstick wok or pan
add this paste and fry on low heat
Here I am also adding some store-bought
laksa paste as in our shortcut method
refer to the link in the description for
details stir continuously till the paste
gets cooked and moves together in one
mouth stir for a good 1 to 2 minutes on
low flame sprinkling water so that none
of the spice burns
hook to the oil separates add water and
bring to boil add the coconut milk next
and bring to a simmer
cut the fried tofu puffs inhale homemade
fried tofu is best for this but you can
use store-bought as well add the lime
juice fish sauce
in palm sugar or brown sugar to taste
when the taste is adjusted and the
curried broth is cooked to the desired
consistency add the bok choy or spinach
cook only for 30 seconds more and remove
from heat
fry thinly sliced shallots to crisp and
light golden brown in color drain on
paper towels to serve our laksa place
both types of noodles in the bottom of
each bowl place some cooked prawns and
chicken over the noodles
pour over enough of the curried broth
the
you
garnished with bean sprouts fresh herbs
and the crisply fried shallots serve hot
delicious hot and comforting laksa is
ready